feat: wrap initialize sdk function (#2)
thebergamo/react-native-fbsdk-next: README.md

## Usage

### SDK Initialization

The `autoInitEnabled` option is removed from [facebook-ios-sdk#v9.0.0](https://github.com/facebook/facebook-ios-sdk/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#900). On iOS, developers are required to initialize the sdk after app launched.

```js

> import { Settings } from 'react-native-fbsdk';

Reviewer: This is something that needs to be done earlier in the application or only when using FBSDK?
It's not that clear to me. 
For instance, I use FB only in my sign in page, can I do it only there or would it be better to do the initialization in my app.js?

Reviewer 2: In my experience I think the app will login okay, but will crash if you run a graph request after? That was my experience when I did not put in my AppDelegate `didFinishLaunchingWithOptions` call to the FBSDK, and I **think** (unverifed / open question) `initializeSDK` would have the same effect.

I believe you would want to do it immediately unless you had a GDPR-style opt-in flow which you would have to satisfy prior to using a facebook login anyway I think?, then you would do it immediately after that

Reviewer: Yes, that was my point to maybe just to enforce the need to make it happening as earlier as possible in the implementation of their app. 

Unless of course you should obey some GDPR-style flow.

Author: @thebergamo I've got your point, let me complete the document.

Settings.initializeSDK();
```

> #### NOTE: This method is also functional on Android

Reviewer: I would just change the markdown here to use quote instead of h4.
Like this:

> NOTE: This method is also function on Android

Author: Sure, quoted text looks better for me.

## Usage

### SDK Initialization

> The `autoInitEnabled` option is removed from [facebook-ios-sdk#v9.0.0](https://github.com/facebook/facebook-ios-sdk/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#900). 
> 
> On iOS, developers are required to initialize the sdk after app launched, implement the code below in your `AppDelegate.m`:
> 
> ```objective-c
> - (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions
> {
>   [FBSDKApplicationDelegate initializeSDK:launchOptions]; // <- add this
> 
>   // your other stuff
> }
> ```
> 
> Or call `Settings.initializeSDK` in anywhere else if you want the sdk to be initialized in react-native
> 
> ```js
> import { Platform } from 'react-native';
> import { Settings } from 'react-native-fbsdk-next';
> 
> if(Platform.OS === 'ios'){
>   Settings.initializeSDK();
> }
> ```
> 
> > NOTE: `Settings.initializeSDK` is also functional for Android, if you want to comply with [GDPR](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/app-events/gdpr-compliance), `Settings.initializeSDK` can be called after an end user provides consent.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

To comply with Apple privacy requirements, for iOS the `autoInitEnabled` option is removed from [facebook-ios-sdk#v9.0.0](https://github.com/facebook/facebook-ios-sdk/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#900).

Using this module, here are two options to comply with this requirement, one is platform-neutral and can be used from your javascript code whenever it makes sense for your app, and one is native.

#### Platform-neutral SDK initialization

If you do not need to handle a [GDPR-type opt-in flow](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/app-events/gdpr-compliance), on iOS you should include the following javascript code as early in startup as possible. For Android auto-init is the default still, so this is not strictly necessary for Android but will work.

If you need to handle a GDPR-type flow, make sure your SDK is configured natively to delay all logging activity according to [the GDPR instructions](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/app-events/gdpr-compliance), ask for user consent, and after obtaining consent include code similar to this:

```js
import { Platform } from 'react-native';
import { Settings } from 'react-native-fbsdk-next';

// Possibly ask for consent first if necessary?
// Possibly only do this for iOS if Android is still set to auto initialize natively?
Settings.initializeSDK();
```

#### iOS Native Initialization

If you would like to initialize the Facebook SDK even earlier in startup for iOS, you need to include this code in your `AppDelegate.m` file now that auto-initialization is removed.

```objective-c
- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions
{
  [FBSDKApplicationDelegate initializeSDK:launchOptions]; // <- add this

  // your other stuff
}
```

Reviewer 2: Unfortunately the formatting of code blocks interferes with the suggestion blocks :-( - but all the markup is correct in there

Author: Thanks a lot, I apply almost all of the suggestion except of the js example, here's the diff
```diff
- import { Platform } from 'react-native';
import { Settings } from 'react-native-fbsdk-next';

- // Possibly ask for consent first if necessary?
- // Possibly only do this for iOS if Android is still set to auto initialize natively?
+ // Ask for consent first if necessary
+ // Possibly only do this for iOS if no need to handle a GDPR-type flow
Settings.initializeSDK();
```

Reviewer 2: All looks good to me! Cheers @rnike
